Doc: Add pipeline improvements to release notes (#14193)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

[[notable-8.3.0]]
==== Performance improvements and notable issues fixed

> * {ls} is more efficient at fetching pipelines. 
> When a {ls} instance sends its pipeline IDs to {es} or central pipeline management in {kib}, it gets back only the pipeline configs that belong to that instance. 

Author: ```suggestion
* At 8.3,  we made {ls} more efficient at fetching pipelines. 
When a {ls} instance sends its pipeline IDs to {es} or central pipeline management in {kib}, it gets back only the pipeline configs that belong to that instance. 
These enhancements required changes to both {ls} https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14076[#14076] and {es} https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/85847[#85847].
```

+ 

> These improvements dramatically decrease network load while also giving users the ability to control pipelines dynamically using wildcards.

Author: ToDo: Add links to appropriate PR number(s).

Reviewer: Here are the PRs:
- [ES PR](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/85847)
- [LS PR](https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14076)

[[notable-8.3.0]]
==== Performance improvements and notable issues fixed

* {ls} is more efficient at fetching pipelines as of 8.3. 
When a {ls} instance sends its pipeline IDs to {es} or central pipeline management in {kib}, it gets back only the pipeline configs that belong to that instance. 

> These enhancements required changes to both {ls} https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14076[#14076] and {es} https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/85847[#85847].

Author: ```suggestion
These enhancements required changes to both {ls} https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14076[(#14076)] and {es} https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/pull/85847[(#85847)].
```
